every new year brings about change I
dropped out of college my name is Sarah
deechi I am a filmmaker photographer
youtuber entrepreneur and all-around
Internet work with the Adobe Creative
residency I truly believe the sky is the
licen I have this thing called a
creative residency which basically funds
a year of just creating and I applied
and I got it like I got it and how to
Casey Neistat a vlog is some video I am
starting new episodes a creative spaces
TV it's a behind the scenes look of a
day in the life of a creative and let's
see if we can get Casey to watch this
video if you're on Twitter shoot him a
link was to make a vlog about how to
vlog then I come in and I get this email
from someone saying Casey you've got to
see this video this girl Sarah really
represents what is great about YouTube
you should subscribe to this girl she
makes amazing content I could not wipe a
smile off of my face it was such an
utter a moment to have someone that
you've looked up to for so long in film
to give you a shout out like that on
this episode indie and I get a ton and I
mean a ton of visitors is my job dream
girl premiere we were at the White House
we're at the White House how's the film
it was so good timmi timmi spray paint
it tag it
[Music]
hey Internet Jam what is up welcome to
Saturday she's brand athan 2016
[Music]
the process of making something come to
life it's addicting it's like my
favorite thing in the world if you're
curious about the creative process or
just have an appreciation for an
inspiring work space join me this fall
for season three of creative spaces TV
we are two of the Gregory Brothers my
name is Gloria I live in Los Angeles and
I guess I make bike helmets for living
my name is Jeremy Cowart I am a
photographer main gear I take in my
camera bags the Canon 5d s he try to
please everyone you'll please no one
everyday I think it's just like knocking
down every barrier in your path my first
daily vlogs woo
I'm here's Libby she would are you like
my creative residency ladies yeah yeah
yeah you lit live to shoot with the
amazing Mike Montero and it's not
charade that creative like this thing
that we do in about magic it's about
research I am here with Brandon
Harvey over here episode of that
creative life hi I'm here with Chase
Jarvis hi guys I'm moving
it's a peachy party
[Music]
wonderful Sarah you said a very morning
and I'm already looking for getting on a
plane falling she's interviewing
applying blah
[Music]
I'm actually shooting a documentary with
these dudes the name of this documentary
is day I thought VidCon went from
literally nobody's people weirdos
outcasts filming themselves to an entire
industry it makes a lot of people a lot
of money you're surrounded by people who
care about the same things that you care
about is surrounded by people who accept
you what I wanted to do I actually find
a slip-up was because it was kind of
this basic maintenance basically their
whole community and the whole
I said I would be coming back as a
speaker and this year I came back as a
speaker and as an Adobe Creative
resident how cool is that
[Music]
[Applause]
you